British English Academy.
B1 listening activity.
Course: B1 Independent English.
Module 1: Independent Communication and Opinions.
Lesson 3: Independent Communication and Opinions: Reading Lesson 3.
Listen for the opinion, reason and example.
Listen to the short text. Focus on the main idea and the key details.
Learning objective: Learners can explain, narrate, give reasons and manage familiar situations in a reading task about media.
Today you will practise language connected to media.
Target language: passive voice basics.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise reading for independent communication and opinions. You will learn useful language connected to media and practise passive voice basics. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at B1 level.